Amanda Castroneves here together with my
friends and we're turkey bowling yes and
I'm Johnny Rutherford and I'm here with
these turkeys bowling i'm dario
franchitti and i endorsed this message
I'm Bobby Hanson I think they're all
crazy here we go Oh Kate all the way to
the speed away so uh well I guess that's
a strike pink pen oh hey there little
purpose there we go let's go focus oh
hey oh hey was that are you Schuller to
Jerry oh my god okay that's my partner
oh boy ah wow that was interesting
good work can I use this one now yeah
okay down here mad eyes all right be
careful oh my god no one's gonna lose an
eye oh I wash to air we go Oh spare oh
my god all the way there man all right
yeah
oh you again that's that's consistently
I like when I play at all yes strike
with that right off the side okay from
the three famous club half happy
thanksgiving is everybody was awful
awful